Translation of Python UDFs doc (#861)
ytsaurus/ytsaurus: yt/docs/en/_includes/user-guide/query-tracker/about.md

A few things to keep in mind:

+ The query creator always has access to their queries.

> + If a query has multiple ACOs, you only need to have access to one of them to get access to all of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ If a query has multiple ACOs, you only need to have access to one of them to get access to the query.
```

For convenience, "ytsaurus-k8s-operator" creates the following ACOs:

+ `nobody`. Doesn't grant any permissions.
+ `everyone`. Grants `Use` and `Read` permissions to all users.
+ `everyone-use`. Grants `Use` permissions to all users.

> + `everyone-share`. The same as "everyone", but not displayed in `list_queries`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ `everyone-share`. The same as "everyone", but is not returned in `list_queries`.
```
